N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-Knowledge Fight
Dan and Jordan, I am sweating knowledgefight.com, it's time to pray
I have great respect for knowledgefight knowledgefight
I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys saying we are the bad guys
I need knowledgefight Dan and Jordan, knowledgefight
I need, I need money Andy and Kansas, Andy and Kansas, stop it
Andy and Kansas, Andy and Kansas, it's time to pray
Andy and Kansas, you're on the air, thanks for holding me
Hello Alex, I'm a first time caller, I'm a huge fan, I love your work
knowledgefight knowledgefight.com
Hey everybody, welcome back to knowledgefight, I'm Dan
I'm Jordan
We're a couple dudes, I like to sit around and drink novelty beverages and talk a little bit about Alex Jones
Oh indeed we are Dan
Jordan
Dan
I have a quick question for you
What up
What's your bright spot?
I'm gonna need a second to think, why don't you go first
My bright spot Dan is, my partner and I don't necessarily celebrate like a anniversary of mine
Well I believe that edible arrangements would beg to differ
No that was for her birthday
Oh birthday, excuse me, sorry
That was twice for her birthday, neither time on the birthday
But it has been four years in January
Hey congratulations
And for our relative anniversary time period, I bought her these, I bought her a bouquet of
South African flowers, which she loves, she has no interest in like, hey these are roses
She would have slapped me in the face
Because I have never met her before
So I got her these and I got her this beautiful vase and she fucking loved it
And I feel like I crushed it
I even put it on the scoreboard, I have one romance point
Nice
To her zero right now, she's got shit to do
It's a tough year for most people
It is rough
Romance points are gonna be tough to come by, it's good getting that one on the board
Right on the first of the year, get it on the board
Nice
Move on, it feels really good and she's very happy and it, yeah it was great
Awesome
Yeah
My bright spot Jordan, a little more materialist perhaps, a little less romantic
We got this, that box of candy
Yes
And one of the things that was in it was Velvet Crumbles, which is a honeycomb candy
And
That sounds more like a exotic dancer but that's up to you
God, it's so good, I love it so much
I ordered more of it and I ate all of the stuff that I ordered
This is, this is how the sea turtles went extinct Dan
I can't stop
Do you know what happened to the sea turtles?
They ate too much Velvet Crumbles
They ate them to death, they would go get them from a place, carry them on the ship
Because they stayed and they were watering and they did and they ate them all by the time they got there
And they just kept doing it and now they're gone
I was so close to ordering more and I have to stop myself
You have to
I'm just gonna eat it all so fast
Yeah
It's so good
I love the crunchy bar which is the sort of the honeycomb covered in chocolate thing that you can get
You could get it at like Treasure Island grocery store here in Chicago
Yeah, yeah, yeah
But it's so much better, the Velvet Crumble is so much better
God
Amazing
Stop sending me candy
Yeah, you got it
But I appreciate it
I appreciate it
It's gonna be 400 pounds
But I appreciate it
Oh, God
So, hey Jordan
Yes, Dan
Today we are talking about a little bit of stuff that has to do with Alex Jones
We're gonna be talking about January 12th and 13th, 2021
I'm Dan
Here we go
Black Jack
Black Jack?
Oh
No
Damn it
No, that one doesn't work either
I'm Dan, this is 2021
Black Jack!
Why not?
I don't know
It's
There's no reason why not
It's something
It's not gonna work
But it's something
No, no, no
So yeah, it's an interesting little stretch of time
Alex is trying to rationalize again still the events of the 6th
Not my fault, not my fault, not my fault, not my fault
Q's bad
A bunch of shit
Antifa did stuff and now they're planning more attacks
Sure
Yeah, that sounds like us
Yes, it's kind of a little bit annoying
But at the end of this we are going to have something remarkable happen
Okay
And I'm so excited about it that I want to get down to business
All right, okay
But before we do we gotta take a moment to say thank you
To the folks who have signed up and are supporting the show
Oh, that's a great idea
So first, Soy Boy Troy, thank you so much
You are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you very much, Soy Boy Troy
Thank you
Next, I See Spiders Where There Are None
Thank you so much, you are now a Policy Wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you very much, you very troubled person
Thank you
Next, Stacy, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thanks, Spider Stacy
Thank you
Next, Jasper Jay, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thanks Jasper
Thank you
Next, Not the Jesus Lizard, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk
I'm a policy wonk
Thank you very much, not the Jesus Lizard
And finally, like say thank you to somebody who donated on an elevated level
Appreciate that very much
So Isaac progeny of sin. Thank you so much. You are now a technocrat. I'm a policy wonk crikey, mate
That's fantastic. Have yourself a brew. How's your 401k doing, bro?
We got to go full tilt boogie on this Watson. All right, let's just get down to business
We ain't making that money off that heroin. Why you pimps so good. My neck is freakishly large. I declare
Infowar on you. Thank you so much Isaac progeny of sin. Yes. Thank you very much
But aren't we all progeny of sin? I believe Alex believes that it's in the Bible
We are all born out of the first sin indeed
Yeah, so also I want to I wanted to say to folks. Thank you all who support the show
We are incredibly behind on shoutouts to the point where if you have not heard
Let's give you a shout out. Please send a message to us and we will get get that in. Yeah, it's it's I
Don't know we you hear how many we do up top. You don't want to hear 30 of those
It's a bit and a structure that is really effective when no one's listening. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we loved it
Yeah, yeah, and now it's impossible now. We still love it, but it makes us feel sad, too
Yeah, and I don't want anyone to feel
left out yeah or
An uncared for so if you have a funny alias you'd like us to
Send a message and we'll get that take care of you have a timely timely joke. Oh sure. Yeah
Also Jordan, this is very exciting. What's that now granted today is Friday when this will be coming out
But on Sunday the 17th something very special is happening
Oh, yeah, we'd like to give a preemptive shout out for that and that is a couple of wonks
Eric and Michelle are celebrating their second anniversary. Oh, hey, happy anniversary to the two of you. Yes, indeed
Got a very nice message very cute about them enjoying the show and Eric doing an Alex Jones voice. Oh
to to say sweet things
It's great happy anniversary to you to hope hope you have a great one this weekend and
All the best. I don't know how you could say sweet. You have a lovely figure. No, that doesn't sound right
Good. I love you. Yeah
So Jordan, let's get down to business let's do it 12th and 13th coming right at you
But first here's an out of context drop from today's show
I'm a little plant that just opens up my petals and says I love you. See isn't that sweet?
That is sweet. That is sweet. Just a little play
I do like to imagine Alex as a Georgia O'Keeffe team. That's
Welcome you into my secret garden. So on the two on the 12th. Alex is jumping in he's starting the show
predicting violence sure and it's because of
the CIA
They're running Q anon Trump has declared a national emergency a particular martial law emergency in DC
They have manipulated right-wing forces being programmed through the Q army
To launch attacks this weekend across the United States
So Joe Biden can bring in martial law Trump is calling for calm and peace and saying do not be part of this
But the CIA Q operatives are telling you that's not really Trump's plan prepare to launch your attacks
So yeah
I would say that if your argument is the Q is like this operation to make Trump supporters look bad
sure, you should you should have been really aggressively going after them long ago because they were making Trump supporters look bad for quite a
While it see it wasn't hard
No, I would I would argue that we didn't have to do anything to make them look bad
No
So I think that this is all like basically the preemptive stuff where Alex has a pretty good sense that there may be some violence
Yeah, might be some acts of domestic terror. I'm friends with Stuart Rhodes exactly who's still conspicuous in his absence on the show
Strange odd
Yeah, so you got to preemptively explain these things
You gotta you got to make sure that the audience has a ready-to-go
Justification for why like this isn't a sign that our world is fucked right our information sphere
You also have to text Stuart Rhodes and let him know that you're still on his team and you're just running
Interference for him so he can commit the violence that he wants to don't worry Stuart. I'm still scared of you
This is a smart move for all of us for me to say that you're bad. Yeah
Yeah, so what's going on is that there's a globalist revolution that's happening and it's you know
CIA running QAnon in order to precipitate this violence that will lead to the globalists taking over or something. All right, and
Did you know that that's all in the Bible?
Yes, we're in the midst of a global new world order
Revolution against humanity
And
This has been foretold
Whether you believe in God or whatever it is our psychic vision of the future
Because the future is the only few ops pass. It's all a space-time continuum. You can move up and down
We saw this psychically coming we were warned thousands of years ago
And
You're not just by John on the Isle of Patmos. Yeah, so time all right back and forth
Okay, and so John on Patmos psychically right saw into the future sure to see Trump losing
Yeah, you know, I always thought of time as being more like a singularity
existing at all times
Simultaneously now, I didn't know you can go up and down
All right. Well, that'll be fun. Yeah, and and John of course in Revelation you could see all the
Signs that he was talking about Trump. Yeah. Yeah, this is disgraceful. This is sacrilegious
And the third seal was opened and its name was Medicare for all I I am not religious
I don't have I don't care to be offended on religions behalf, but this is sacrilegious. Yeah that no, no, that's super bad
But I am gonna be offended by this Alex starts talking about how he's what the enemy fears and then then he
He starts playing on my side of the street and I am that thing
the enemy fears I
Am and it doesn't want us to declare that and so are you the thing that should not be
Someday maybe even death would die to quote Lovecraft
Oh no, oh no, so I kind of agree that Alex is what the enemy fears
But not because he has any kind of competence or as a force of truth or any of that shit
No
He's what the enemy fears in the same way that a parent would fear a charismatic
Weirdo trying to convince their four-year-old child that fire can't hurt them
They aren't scared that the kid will see through the bullshit of the mainstream media's propaganda about fire being dangerous
They're worried that this negative and insane influence will lead to the harm of people they care about fire can't hurt you
I have candy in my van. Let's go as for the Lovecraft reference. Of course Alex goes with that one
He's such a 101 dude. So of course, he's gonna throw out something from Call of Cthulhu
So this thing that he's misusing and miss citing is part of a much puzzled over
Passage from the Necronomicon that is referenced in the story that goes like this short quote
That is that is not dead that which can eternal lie and with strange eons even death may die
one of the chapters in that story the call of Cthulhu is the tale of inspector LeGrasse where you hear about a cop who discovered
a group of cultists performing a ceremony and chanting thing Louie Ming and a goth Cthulhu really a
Ming and I was with a thoggin beautiful language. It's meant to be unpronounceable
Yeah by human tongue. Well, naturally this phrase loosely translates to quote in his house and really a dead
Cthulhu waits dreaming one of the cultists to LeGrasse and terror greats old Castro sure
He mentions that the passage from the Necronomicon
Helps give some context to their chant
So the reader can piece together that they worship a dormant God who's in this place waiting and dreaming and this God will never die
It has a lifespan longer than death itself. Gotcha
Anyway, the point here is that this phrase has nothing to do with what Alex is talking about
No, that's not about death dying really at all
I know that he thinks that he's really cool and that most of his points of reference are various sci-fi things
He barely remembers but this is a little bit silly for one thing Alex should not compare himself to Cthulhu
Cthulhu did not want to follow the Constitution and protect the Second Amendment
It's really clear in the text what Cthulhu was interested in what's that quote those first men formed the cult around small idols
Which the great ones showed them idols brought in dim areas from dark stars
That cult would never die until the stars came right again and the secret priests would take great Cthulhu from his tomb
To revive his subjects and resume his rule of Earth
The time would be easy to know for then mankind would become like the great old ones
Free and wild and beyond good and evil with laws and morals thrown aside and all men shouting and killing and reveling in joy
Oh
so Alex is a lot like then the
liberated old ones would teach them new ways to shout and kill and revel and enjoy themselves and all of earth would flame with
Holocaust of ecstasy and freedom
Alex and the Lovecraft have nothing in common except that they were both racists the difference between them
Is that Lovecraft got less racist as his career progress true. That is true. Anyway, I just don't like it when Alex reference
Don't walk into Lovecraft now. Come on shouldn't be in Lovecraft
I understand for him that like death may die is a kind of cool saying but in context it makes no sense for what he's
Talking about. No, I mean it was a poetic way of saying he's fucking old and we're gonna die before he does
It's very simple. Well, and that
That would that is not dead which may eternal lies is basically saying that he's just gone dormant. He's not dead
No, he's been sleeping for centuries under under in really a yeah, why?
hmm, I mean why cuz the stars weren't right for him to come back and
Reign and terror on earth. I never liked the arbitrary rules that are given to the old ones or this the devil or all of
These things man, if you won't create ultimate evil buddy. Well, that's
Fiction fair. So that's fine Alex making up arbitrary rules for the devil in the real world
That's a little bit worse a little bit silly. Yeah. So anyway
Alex was in DC over the period of time when the the storming of the Capitol happened and
We're getting a new piece of reporting here. Do you mean Antifa caused all of our troubles forever according to Alex?
Yes. Yeah, but also according to Alex. He almost got swept up
They planned to SWAT team me in DC and blame me for what happened
But that didn't go the way they wanted cuz the police refused to do it. We confirm that hell I saw it happen
But I'll be honest. I was so exhausted and just eating a big meal on Thursday afternoon and under stress drank a half bottle of vodka
So what I didn't
Didn't even care when 100 police cars came for me
I mean, I haven't even told you this whole story yet ladies and gentlemen, but I will tell you all of it
I haven't figured out the beats on
Yeah, I've got I've got a workshop in a couple of open mics before I can really start using this one in shows
Yeah, I drink half a bottle of vodka and I had a big meal
So I was like, I don't even give a shit that there's a hundred police cars coming to SWAT team me
Yeah, what are you talking about?
I I think maybe the reason that they were gonna take me out and blame me for storming the Capitol
But then the police wouldn't go along with go fuck yourself
I'm gonna go with the police didn't arrest you because you were right out at the tip of the spear yelling run away
Run away, we can't do this. This is bad. Yeah. Yeah, so we get this kind of speech from Alex pretty regularly
It's a it's that speech where he is like aha now I see everything sure now all has become clear to me
But I now see the entire picture more than ever
I mean every damn piece of the puzzle I can zoom in to almost the subatomic level. I can see the matrix and
I know what their next moves are. I know how to stop them
I know what's unfolding and I understand how I underestimated Q Q is
100%
globalist intelligence
100% what's left of the US government?
And it hates Trump and hates America and it's planning a giant violent uprising to bring down the country
That doesn't mean you're bad if you were part of it or use the movement to educate people. You're not cute
That's what made you pledge allegiance to it. So can round you up
They're planning truck moms mass shootings bombings of capitals all over. I told you that Sunday from
DC police and the FBI
So this is again how he's preemptively constructing this narrative just in case there's bombings and stuff that are done by Trump supporters
Um, you know at least Alex is on the surface telling his audience not to be violent
Right, and there's some I mean, I guess it's better than the alternative in some ways
But it's too little too late and it's meaningless. They stole the election. They're discredited. They're a fraud. So they need violence
don't
Be part of it
It's a lie
It's a setup
And we now know the lie. We now know the setup. We know every angle of it
And and by the grace of God, we're still on air for this moment
Dug in hard when everybody else is being shut down because we'd already persecuted first
We knew the mission and it's all the Holy Spirit the divine transmission
I am receiving and I just opened myself up to receive the transmission. I give it as clearly as I can to you
This is not me. I'm telling you. I'm gonna give you the transmission straight ahead. Stay with us
I mean this show isn't Alex. It's God speaking through him. Yeah, which is fun. Yeah, that's not good
Also, it's not a surprise to hear Alex insisting that people shouldn't be violent
And the reason for that is pretty obvious
Alex knows that there's a large enough population of people who are completely fried and disconnected from reality who are gonna be
Disillusioned by the non-fulfillment of all their promised fantasies that they might turn to violence
He's obviously not responsible for all of it
But Alex's rhetoric has absolutely been a contributing factor to getting us to the dangerous situation
We're now in and he knows that yeah
When your allies storm the Capitol and you make your money encouraging people to do things like storm capitals
But you don't want them to actually do it. You have a few immediate priorities
The first is to come up with a framework to allow your audience to pretend that the actual storming doesn't involve you or anyone
Like you this is achieved by blaming Antifa in this case
There's the unfortunate aspect of the story where a bunch of the people who stormed the Capitol are public figures and have been very clear
That they were doing it for Trump
There's also a bunch of people involved who don't match your characterization of Antifa at all
So to get around that objection Alex is there on cue under the bus?
Which is probably gonna be persuasive to some portion of his audience totally
The next most important thing you have to do is what you're seeing right now
If you're Alex, you know damn well that this is not going to be a one-off event
Alex has been friends with Stuart Rhodes for years now
He knows the kind of insurrectionist threats that dude makes and he's supposed to be the public face for the oath keepers
Okay, imagine who's and underneath that? Oh, I think we should kill everybody and as your subordinate
I would like to follow up with your next
Yeah, I mean Stuart Rhodes is the PR guy and he's talking about like rounding people. Oh shit
Yeah, Alex knows there's gonna be more attacks
So it's super important for him to create a preemptive narrative to explain them when they eventually happen
This is achieved by more throwing cue under the bus
If in the next few weeks you see instances of domestic terrorism and the people who carry it out appear to be Trump supporters
Now Alex can fall back on saying they aren't really Trump supporters
There are people who are misled by the insidious globalist psyop that is QAnon a psyop
They're specifically running to make people like Alex and Trump Patriots look bad
This is all very transparent and stupid
But it's crucial for Alex if he wants to continue to be able to justify his behavior in the face of the inevitable
consequences of his behavior coming to pass while he needs to be
Against the inevitable consequences to stay on air right make money and not get arrested. Correct
I believe that this is a very teachable moment in the aftermath of the storm in the Capitol
I believe that you can see a very clear distinction between people who mean what they say and people who are primarily scammers
People who really mean it are still calling for right-wingers to show up in DC on January 20th
Mm-hmm people who really mean it are like the Q shaman
Insisting that he was proud of his actions on the 6th people who really mean it or even like Alex's boring intern Harrison Smith
Reporting that the Capitol had fallen and the Patriots were in control as the events of the 6th transpired
Conversely Alex is a scammer
He has a very profitable grift that depends on tension to continue and in order for that tension to exist
He has to operate in some dissonant ways
For instance if you believe the things he says on his show
Here's what will happen if Biden gets into office the literal Christian devil will rule America
Yeah, Christianity will be outlawed. Uh-huh
Everyone will be forced to get vaccines that will put tracking chips in them and kill them true
Antifa goon squads will roam door-to-door
Killing conservatives as they die of the vaccines and Alex will be one of the few to survive long enough to kill his neighbor and
Feed them to his daughter. Don't forget Daleks with guns. Sure. That's it's somewhere in the middle. That's it soon
Yeah, yeah, if he actually believed those things in any way, he would not be opposed to insurrection immediately
I if I believe those things the only
Reasonable response is insurrection
Yeah
There's no time to wait because this is a fight with the devil if this were just about policy then sure you can accept a
Biden presidency where you try to lobby conservative Congress members to push for policies
You'd like to see but all that shit doesn't matter if you believe Alex if Biden gets into office
There's no policy discussions. There will never be fair elections again in the future
Yeah
if you believe Alex then this election itself was stolen which has
Supposedly already been proven if you believe that and you believe the futility of any action
You could possibly take once Biden gets into office
Then it's a natural conclusion to decide that you need to do whatever you can
Before he gets into office to stop that from happening totally
This is the inherent dissonance Alex's non-violence position brings up
He expects his audience to believe him
But if they actually do the only conclusion they can come to is exactly the conclusion that the people who stormed the Capitol on
The 6th did he's basically made an argument to his audience where he demands that they
Definitively accept that he has proven every one of the premises in his arguments, but hey, man
I don't want to take responsibility for you
Conclusion. Yeah, look I can see through the matrix and I can see that your death is
Imminent and what I would like you to do is nothing. Well, or you could give me money, too
Yeah, I mean are you still on social media? Yeah, put out a link put out a link
Band that video that'll do it. This is how we will crush the
Feet Satan. Yeah. Yeah, you understand like this is this is nonsensical. Yes this this kind of behavior. Yeah
Anyway, here we go again. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's a good thing. Nobody will face consequences for this type of behavior though
That's that's really heartening to know. Mm-hmm. Yeah, so we get the narrative of the sixth just being laid out
And I think Alex has pretty much found his for his final version of it. I
Mean all this allowed on these message boards all this prepared and it was meant to be a giant insane rampage
handcuffing killing members of Congress
Your lockdowns led by anti-foes the shock force all in unison
But the Patriots fought back and tackled them and helped the police
So finally that Wow police stand down to let them in and they got to get the order commit suicide conveniently. I
Mean this is serious. So this didn't work. So now they need to point. Oh, that's the Saturday and Sunday
They're now saying we're gonna attack. It's the storm if I were officer Lieben goods family
I would have definitely sue Alex Jones for defamation immediately
He's reporting on air that their loved one order to stand down as part of a seditious conspiracy to storm the Capitol
Which Alex can absolutely not prove and is just making up and then either killed himself or was killed to cover it up
Yeah, yeah
whenever there's something that the police should have stopped but don't it's important for Alex to pretend that some nefarious force order to stand
Down to allow it to happen as opposed to them just being a Nazi too. Well, yeah
I mean every single time there's been right-wing violence at a rally or a protest
It's because of a police stand down that Alex aggressively asserts was ordered but then he never proves it
and again
The argument on the other side is they seem to turn a blind eye a lot of the time when there's these
Yeah, these hard right extreme protests more than I think the Guardian just had something out
That everyone already knew which is that police are meaner to the left. Yeah
Yeah in the case of the storming of the Capitol
It's additionally disgusting and offensive that Alex has decided to just pretend that a man who died by suicide was actually secretly killed
So he couldn't reveal who had ordered him to order the stand down
Yeah
As far as I can tell officer Lee been good isn't someone who would have been in a position to make orders that the Capitol
Police would follow it's not like he was the chief or even in the executive department of the Capitol Police
So I can't imagine that he would have been someone who could have unilaterally acted in the manner that Alex is claiming it goes higher
This isn't based on anything other than the fact that this man is now dead
Yep
The fact that he's dead makes him a useful prop for Alex to use in creating this conspiracy because it creates a dead end
We could figure out who orchestrated this whole setup, but the guy's dead now, so he can't reveal that information which
Obviously would prove Alex right totally. The guy is a thing to Alex not a person and I find that disgusting. Yeah, and
He should be sued
Really should like that's the way that's the I we're at the point now where it's like if Alex does this
I'm almost like sending a message immediately. Like hey, this can't happen and unfortunately, you're the only person with grounds
I I would love to sue him on like the world should work like this, but apparently the law doesn't count so disgusting
Yeah, so disgusting the law won't just be like hey, you know what? You're right. He's bad for humanity
so humanity has grounds I certainly hope that this officer's family isn't dealing with any kind of harassment from
Folks who believe the sort of things that Alex is disseminating but based on the past
Yeah and actions of Alex's audience if they haven't yet
They will doesn't seem too unbelievable to think that it might be happening. No, absolutely not anyway
Alex fancies himself
Peaceful kind of protester guy. He wants a peaceful revolution kind of like Martin Luther King, right? No
Martin Luther King
Did black folks running around murdering killing white people ever get him freed no because most whites didn't know slaves they
98% didn't but when folks saying Christian hymns and they watched him get their heads beat in like people like my
Grandparents and their parents said this is BS man. We're not bullies. We're not doing this anymore
We're Christians that is a fucked up sentence. I don't understand the timeline. Ah, I don't know what's going on
Oh boy. So barely Alex's grandparents saw black people singing Christian hymns. They decided we're not doing that anymore
Confederate royalty. What does that mean though?
Like we're not gonna be racist anymore. Ah, no
I think they're not going I guess they were all the ones who had the fire hoses
I guess they were though they were Alex's whole family was holding fire hoses and they were like, oh I get it
They're singing. Yeah. Also, I know that Alex loves to trot out this idea that he respects Martin Luther King and his non-violence
And that's all good and well
It's the standard line that you hear from people on the right these days
But I wanted to discuss how out of touch he is with his own intellectual tradition
Most of Alex's ideas are just reheated John Birch society talking points that have you know
They have their underpinnings of Patriot lore for the last generations
His favorite book the one that woke him up to the New World Order of course is none dare call a conspiracy by Gary Allen
Interestingly Gary Allen didn't just write one book
His first book is called communist revolution in the streets
Which is all about how the civil rights movement is actually secretly a communist front
It sounds like a better dance party though
The book was published by Western Islands, which is the John Birch society publishing imprint and it has a foreword written by W. Cleon Skousen
Another of Alex's heroes and the uncle of his regular infowars guest Joel Skousen
The book has a slightly different take on Martin Luther King and goes out of its way to suggest that he was a violent revolutionary
Who only said things about non-violence to appear acceptable in public
In a caption on a picture of Martin Luther King on page one of this book
Allen writes quote although King talks non-violence many of his alliances are formed with Negro leaders who advocate violence and give the movement its quality of revolution
Jesus
This is an important idea of the anti-communists that the entirety of the civil rights movement was a communist facade
And that Martin Luther King was essentially there to trick white people into thinking it was a peaceful revolution
From page two quote King closed his talk by declaring that of course he meant this should be done non-violently
Many in the crowd laughed openly they felt the term non-violence was a sham and was being used by King primarily for public relations reasons
Whether Alex knows it or understands it is irrelevant what matters is that the system that he supports and all of his intellectual influences who molded his beliefs when he was young
Were deeply racist people who had a particular hatred of Martin Luther King not because he was violent but because he was Christian and sang hymns
Yeah I guess what I'm getting at is that Alex Jones is a coward he's not even willing to live his beliefs the way his forefathers would have
Totally He knows that it looks pretty racist to be opposed to Martin Luther King these days so he just conveniently pretends that that's not part of his big worldview
Yeah yeah I mean for someone to talk about cops standing down in the face of something and then to talk about Martin Luther King Jr. very shortly afterwards
Is someone who does not know anything about Martin Luther King Jr. It's another little interesting element of dissonance
Yeah yeah yeah it's like it's like somebody being like hey my my dad was in the FBI and you know when they murdered Fred Hampton he was like that was one too many bullets for me
I'm gonna choose the path of peace from here on out yeah yeah something that I find so fascinating is like how much Alex wants to live in the shadow of his own life
In the shadow of these anti-communist heroes and like it's so his worldview all of this is but he refuses to take ownership of these things that he knows are like absolutely I can't say that
Yeah I can't uh I can't be against the civil rights act you know it's it's one of those things where it's like you can see how bankrupt their ideology is over time because they just abandon shit after it
You know like oh I don't know if they abandon it they just refuse to accept it publicly well yeah well I mean yeah I mean that that like Martin Luther King Jr. is so fucking revered that the right has to now use him to try and reinstitute slavery
They can't like I would they can't ignore it or say he's a bad guy they have to be like he's such a great guy he would have wanted us to own you again I'm sorry
I would bet that if you got Alex drunk enough he would talk about how he's a commie oh totally I'm sure he was a commie
Anyway there's truck bombs coming uh but also Alex says you all got to go to your capitals? Sure
They're gonna set off truck bombs in major cities this weekend or next week that's their plan I told you it's coming you already saw it
Did Stewart do this? They're gonna stage mass shootings and they're gonna put it all over the news and say you did it
Why would we do it? We won. So I will be out at the Capitol this weekend but not with guns
I knew this was all coming I'll be in an armored vehicle and I'm gonna be documenting who did what and what happened but I can't be in all 50 capitals
So go out there pray to Jesus have your video camera and document every person
Oh you don't want to do that? Isn't it kind of contradictory or maybe just unwise to tell your audience like hey they're gonna be bombing a bunch of shit so everybody go to your capitals
Sure yeah now I'll be fine because I'm in a tank yeah you guys are gonna get some shrapnel I am fairly certain that's fucked up that's not good
If he's saying that there's gonna be like staging of mass shootings and bombings I would say for the protection of your audience stay home
Hey listen they're gonna blow everybody up mm-hmm they're gonna be killing you left and right and that's why you gotta go with a camera
That seems seems seems weird no it's weird no it's bad anyway uh there were some I'll just be in my tank looking like the people that I'm supposed to tell you are Antifa?
Sure yeah uh there were some people who are not Antifa actually who were involved on the sixth no these are the people who placed bombs no that's not there were a couple pipe bombs none of them Antifa
Uh no turns out Alex does know who they are though oh you can't miss these Antifa you can't miss
You'll see Chinese state party people like the guy that planted the pipe bombs they just showed
You'll see Chinese agents they'll all be wearing masks you'll see Antifa wearing black that wear pink bandanas as signifiers and then guys in camo covering their faces with backpacks as well
They are deep state mercs, Dyncor, Halliburton you name it they're making a full move on us
Alex is making all of that up there is nothing real about any of that
You know what is boggling my mind what's that is that he literally did say it uh and it is true they were planning on taking hostages and assassinating members of congress
Yes that was a well that's something that is that sounds like a conspiracy theory Dan
Uh-huh yeah it's something that is being discussed certainly there are people who have some suspicions
That that is uh that was the plan there are indications of that uh Alex hard not to learn more and think oh shit that's and they had members of congress helping him that's not good
Alex Alex is uh definitely of the mind in terms of reporting that it was supposed to be way worse yeah yeah um and that might be that might be the case
I think there's a lot of details that are yet to be solidly understood but some of the indications are really really terrifying
Yeah um so you know there's there's some issues uh between Alex and Q I think that there's some strange uh stuff like why didn't you do this earlier
No no no no if you like oh it took you years to get to the point where you realized it was actually the deep state
Hey no remember only two years ago when he said he could see through the matrix and saw their plan and knew what was happening
Yeah like on a he could read the code on a granular scale yeah well it turns out uh now he understands all of it and now he sees why QAnon attacked him in the early stages
I'm just gonna throw this out there Dan if he said the same thing two years ago and got everything wrong okay why would I then trust him now when he says that
Because you've forgotten that he said all that stuff
Oh that's wise I wish I could do that
Yeah no unfortunately not but Q attacked Alex early on and here's why okay
This isn't my opinion we know where this is going we know why Q attacked me early on because Q figured out I would figure out what it was
Four years later
And I know U.S. intelligence was involved in it it was even started under orders by some campaign officials in the Trump operation they said oh let's do this so we can put out information like Jones puts out against Hillary and the rest of them but so nobody gets sued
But it was instantly taken away in three weeks by the group that tricked the Trump campaign people to authorize it
I don't believe any of this stuff but if it is true that seems insanely illegal
Uh yeah
That seems
Also again
The Trump was officially running QAnon at the beginning his administration
Why do you keep telling me how shitty your God King is at doing this
It took three weeks to steal the greatest fucking conspiracy from the government that's all it took? It took three weeks?
And how?
What did they change the password and put two step notification what what are we doing here? Was it that easy?
And if that's the case right and all this happened at three weeks in it got uh commandeered by these nefarious people wouldn't it be in the best interest of the Trump campaign to like really make sure that people understand
That this was something that was a malevolent force so it didn't end up becoming such a huge part of the Trump base
Or at the very least utilizing the vast resources of the United States government to take it back
Oh yeah they could do that too
They could do that oh okay here's what happened in three weeks they stole our access to Q so then about an hour later we stole it back it's not hard we're the government
Yeah so that's dumb um I do love the idea though they're like they attacked me because they knew I was the only person who could get to the bottom of it
God damn it yeah the only person greatest detective the only person besides everyone else yeah god I hate him
So um involving the six there's some other things that are starting to come to light that are a little bit problematic for Alex's uh narrative
Namely that uh there seem to be a lot of proud boys uh who are around the Capitol and sometimes uh you know there's some indications that uh even some of the proud boys might have been there right at the get going getting going part
And so now Alex might have to say some bad things about the proud boys
And I'm very close to revealing information I just want to be 100 accurate when I do it I'm about 95% right now that a major patriot group was infiltrated ahead of this event their leader was arrested so that a globalist fed could be put in charge of it so they could also be part of it
I know the FBI knows it because they were in command of it
So that has to be the proud boys yeah yeah because Enrique Tarrio got arrested right before and he's the leader of the proud boys but it what didn't Joe Biggs become the leader of the proud boys?
Yeah but he's a fed yeah this I like this is the way these this is the way these gangs die is whatever former info wars employed Joe Biggs exactly whenever they decide that some of them are working against them and they tear themselves apart that's that's the good news here that's what I'm hearing
Tear each other apart like the wolves and idiots you are yeah yeah the the proud boys acted in ways that are counter to the scam narrative that I need to keep my money coming in so well guess they actually got infiltrated
I just hate how often I said before this all happened guys they're gonna abandon you the moment you do something that they don't like yes they don't have any loyalty to none you can't trust them that's how these things work
yeah and to see the ways that like I mean it's hard to have too much pity for someone like the Q shaman oh yeah the way that community like interacted with him after the fact I tried to say like a lot of suspicions about it like that's so indicative of that they will just you're done
yeah I did everything you guys told me to do I became the hero that you guys needed and now you've abandoned me how could anyone have predicted this yeah yeah
so uh on this episode Alex is really like acting in a lot of ways that I think are bad um because as we discussed earlier like if you take him seriously and you believe the things he's saying you know he's saying that they're gonna kill you yeah they're coming to kill you yeah and he just in your home he keeps banging that drum
they want to rape you in a death camp they want to inoculate you and watch you have a convulsion they want to kill you they love hurting you they're coming they're coming they're coming there's nothing you can do except face reality facing reality is how we beat them we have cancer we have a satanic cancer
hitler was just a beta test you are under attack they're never going to stop they are you are that energy look at them they're race look at schumer look at pelosi they're dead humans they're globalist these are race these are not human they're coming they need your brains they need your soul they don't have it they want to destroy you they want to bring you down they want to annihilate you they love chinese death camps apple loves it they all love it they're all turned over to evil they're under satan's control
i mean and that's why you need to stay at home and write your congressperson non-violence and send letters yeah and just be aware yeah that's why you need to go put up infowars bumper stickers and buy colloidal iodine yeah go fuck yourself man so alex is saying here's what you need when they come to your home knock on your door because they need your brains to kill you well they need your brains
ah i knew you guys were coming and they're like no how and then they leave yeah yeah yep you flash your infowars bumper sticker and it's like garlic to a Dracula
so alex has a has a real interesting relationship with uh the events of the sixth and the storming
and i've noticed a little thing that he's starting to talk about more or starting to bring up and i
think that one of his primary concerns is that they planned it poorly and we just keep putting
up with it and putting up with it you're like well then let's get violent they are controlling
the dumbest violent elements to make sure that it's all coordinated wrong you don't see q saying
go to chucky schumer's house or go to obama's house or where they're at
oh no no no no it's attack the capital right on the right day that's kind of fucked up
yeah i mean he's probably not wrong though but but but like if you planned it better and you succeed
and you fuck everything up then trump takes power says that it's all actually antifa uh gets the
military on his side starts fucking everybody up who isn't a proud boy or whatever um but instead
they did it poorly so here we are maybe i mean it's hard to play what if game right right right
right right but it it shouldn't be that alex is like wow man they planned that shit poorly
well yeah he's supposed to be opposed to all of this right right at least that's what he's trying
to present as much as they got tricked the q anon and antifa did the storm he's supposed to be
against it as a whole he he just wanted to go talk on the other side of the building where he
had a permit oh no if they if they had won he's 100 for it i mean we know that yeah like those
little indications those little moments where he's like it's poorly planned and they didn't go to
soft targets yeah yeah uh okay yeah yeah fucked up yep jesus now you might think let me ask you
a question sure dian if alex jones sees a guy who punches him no wait oh sorry i you didn't finish
it he sees a guy who's got like a really hot wife uh-huh punches him i'm sorry never mind do you
think that he's jealous of that guy um don't absolutely will he say so no well actually he will
by going on a long-winded rant about how he's not because see i can see some dude with this
incredibly gorgeous wife and i'm just like admiring a horse or something and you know
i'm not seeing a man like a horse to him i put the woman down i'm just like that's an incredible
thing wow i'm just glad you're having sex with that at having kids this makes me feel good for
humanity i look at some you know but the average man i've learned just is envious of everything
that's weird that is a weird thing to say yeah that's a weird thing i see someone with a hot
spouse and i'm like i'm so glad you get to fuck that i'm i'm in in my head i was waiting for him
to say something about miscegenation like that's the level of you get fucked up i'm operating that
person's attractive you get to fuck them and have kids jesus i look at that like a horse this is not
just a horse this is not just a very weird way for me to still experience jealousy yeah jesus
anyway well alex has a guest on um this is interesting because this person has basically
been shouting q anon stuff into the wind for weeks yeah uh but alex pretends that's not the case
patrick burn is a really smart fella is he he's written an article we'll put on screen and tell
you about where there's a peaceful way out of this violent stalemate we're in yeah patrick
burn is the former ceo of overstock who's been yelling a bunch of uh q anon nonsense yeah didn't
we hear him say q anon nonsense on the sixth oh yeah yeah um i don't know if it was on the
sixth but yeah he's uh or the the rally before that yeah that one right before that the one
episode where we covered the rallies yeah yeah yeah um so he is uh wants patrick wants to tell
you that if you're violent you're just helping nancy pelosi if our side goes out there and goes
violent what you are doing is a you're losing middle america they will not support you and be
you know 20 of america will support and then the other thing is you're giving nancy pelosi all she
needs to basically she wants to have a a law passed that makes it illegal to be republican
and they're going to do that if you go out and get violent oh yeah this is real persecution
they keep talking like they've talked a bunch on infowars about outlawing the democratic party
what are you doing i don't know yeah we need to literally word for word we need to get rid of the
democratic party and then the republican party can split into two parties one the far right party and
one the right party that's what alex said that a bunch yeah yeah yeah yeah so uh look the important
thing though is that you don't get violent uh well it's probably when we come back because that's
true that's one way to do this and if patriots did that we would defeat pelosi we would defeat
i might we would defeat uh defeat the cfr and hawse because that's the thing we're really
going to do war we should know what real war is like burn everything in your path kill everything
which i'm not calling for not go take selfies in the capital and act like a jackass we don't want
to go to war stay there patrick burn is our guest we don't want to do it but if you raise everything
burn down everything kill everybody we would defeat the globalists i am blinded by the idea
that you could think the guy saying you should toss the geneva conventions uh right back up
your ass and burn everything to the ground along the way uh is the good guy that confuses me dan
well it's because you know he's he's he's he's good the democrats are evil and they're run by
satan and what you need to do is not take the moral high ground no burn everything to the
fucking ground well but but but but to be fair he's not saying that he wants to do that just
that it would work also again it would work again he would defeat the globalists and the cfr and
nancy pelosi all right if these patriots did a sherman's march right and burned down everything
killed everyone around them right but it's antifa who did all the violence blah blah blah blah blah
and the right wingers who weren't there but the ones who may have been there and if they were
they were proud boys who had been uh co-opted by a fed who might be joe biggs you guys gotta work
overtime to say we didn't do exactly what we said and wanted to do it's a little silly yeah so
speaking of silly a lot of people believe it yeah speaking of silly things patrick uh burn he's got
a really simple suggestion for what needs to happen start overstock2.com well here he's gonna
overstock uh ballots okay here's what we're gonna do doesn't quite work we're gonna steal it these
guys that one of the things they always have is like a solution to the problem sure that they see
like in this case they think the election was stolen yeah so they have a solution that's really
really simple but man it is not simple it's insanely complicated and would be outrageous
to actually do but they're like this is all we want it's so simple trump could today president
trump could order those six counties be recount on live stream tv by the national guard we see
what happens if there is no aberration no irregularities he gets on his helicopter no
must have fuss he told me that if on the other hand there's big irregularities then he should
use his executive powers to say you know what this whole election pursuant to that executive
order i told you about if they show what i think that those may show is 500 800 000 irregular votes
in those different counties he then just says look we're going to scrub this it's obviously
so compromised this election is an egg we cannot unscramble i'm going to have the national guard
rerun an election nationally 30 30 days 45 days they're going to run it paper ballots only no
machines if you want to vote absentee somebody comes your door gives you the ballot you fill it
out so everything it'll be the most it'll be the most drum tight secure no nonsense election
america's ever had and you know what huh i wouldn't be surprised if the guy won 120 million
votes you know if i would if they did that so that's what he should do but before taking that
big step he should just send the national guard in to recount the ballots in those six states is
this so much to ask i i i will i say this to you honestly i think the only thing that could get
over 90 of americans to try and overthrow the government is any party saying let's have another
election right now i think everyone is a little burned out everyone would be like i'm fucking
done yeah i'm fucking done capital buildings don't care governor's mansions don't care post offices
don't care not doing another election none of it none of it that will make me want to burn
everything to the ground i i like when people like patrick burn try to play this game because
what they're doing is essentially offering this like false idea of a simple solution it's like
why wouldn't you accept this really simple solution if you just do this then all of our
complaints would go away you're that's obviously not true no and it's a setup it's a trap totally
imagine a scenario where in the world or the united states is like yes okay we will do this
national guard hand count of these ballots what would end up happening is then that would be used
as an opportunity to find a new problem that they can use to complain and then uh try and get this
national election with the national guard or whatever it's all just a fucking stupid game
uh trying to it's a fishing uh adventure that they're trying to go on i find something to
complain about it would be it would be it almost makes me long for the days when they would have
to actually move the goal posts instead of being able to see that they've set up goal posts exactly
20 yards apart for infinity and every time you reach one they're like nah this goal post is fake
we were going for that one over there and you're like no there's an infinity number of goal posts
that's annoying yeah so uh on the 12th trump was speaking in alamo texas which again is not the
alamo which was totally on purpose he chose alamo the city 100 on purpose just because nobody knew
that he was coming doesn't mean that he didn't choose alamo the city 100 on purpose and alex
knows that it's the city not the alamo building you would hope and he has also said that people
are gathering at the alamo so there is some confusion you would think um and i think that
patrick i'm not sure if he knows if it's the alamo or alamo texas i hate these people he's
about to give a speech in an hour well that may be symbolic that he's an alamo
you know you can't he may that is symbolic isn't it it would be yeah he should take and you're down
there by not far from there as i recall yeah my ancestor was there yeah oh was he who was your
ancestor someone just look it up it doesn't really matter oh well it doesn't matter i don't live off
the past laurels just interesting bullshit david crockett okay no not david crockett not david
crockett fuck no not david crockett yeah uh let's play 20 questions with somebody who are at the
alamo more racist i don't i don't go off the past laurels later on he's going to say that uh both
sides of his family were on the mayflower of course why not he talks about all these answers
all the fucking time fuck off why not i love it i was i also think queen i think he's trying to
imply that it's colonel travis but i don't think he's related to colonel travis at all
no anyway we get a revelation about spiritually they're both drunks that's true yeah and uh uh
fumblebums stumblebums that's what i was trying to say i prefer fumblebums um so here's an
uh uh interesting piece of trivia about what's going on in patrick burns life right now i have
covid now by the way just to let you know that's why i'm coughing but i you can't get we're
practicing so you look really healthy the pcr test told you that yeah yesterday you know 96
of those are false it's like a mod no this is real i have a mild flu i feel it well no people
get colds people get flus but they're calling basically the pcr test if you have any viral
background says that you have covered oh really so alex is trying to convince wow he doesn't have
wow jesus did patrick not realize you weren't supposed to actually have covid ever if you were
near alex's show yeah i would imagine that 40 of info warriors have probably had it
i think i mean alex people who work he thinks he had it yeah yeah yeah i think people who work at
infowars have almost uh yeah i bet the number is high yeah so ali alexander um is the the
head of stop the steal he was involved in the uh the rallies on the sixth to some capacity he has
done some live streams where he talked about how he planned uh the events right because he's intifa
to put pressure on the people voting about the electoral college along with uh uh who's a paul
gossar mo brooks and andy briggs uh andy biggs yeah uh three members of congress yeah yeah it's
good to know and uh in the aftermath of everything he has been kicked off all social media and there
have been rumors flying around about him being in hiding yeah and some of that might be a little
bit of a crowdfunding operation well um but the grifter's got a grift buddy they're trying to
play this really interesting line about whether or not he's in hiding sure because they don't want
him to be in hiding because that makes him look like a weakling yeah but they also want him to
be in hiding because that makes everything really scary exactly it's tough yeah i'm not in hiding
but you know for my uh own protection because of the tens of thousands of people that the media has
inspired to issue me death threats and fatwas and and uh you know call for my my uh public execution
um i am at an undisclosed location i've had to travel by unconventional means you're taking a
dirigible horse what are we doing here yeah that would be fun yeah i would i would be i would be
happier if ali alexander did try and overthrow the government but via dirigible yeah that would
be great and when i land i can only take a unicycle i have been banned from normal forms
of transportation the globalists will let me get around but i have to look silly doing it i don't
know why it's just part of their rules i have to put one leg on a skateboard at all times it's
insane it's uh yeah i'm not in hiding but i'm also in an undisclosed location and i have to travel
via unconventional beings oh god fuck this oh my god anyway ali uh has his own sort of narrative
about what happened at the capitol and it's pretty similar to alex i guess i believe that forces
within our government coordinated with the paramilitary arm of the democrat party to have
that one uh disgusting events inside the u.s capital and not everybody was discussing who
entered the u.s capital i want to be very clear okay no the vast majority stayed within the
velvet ropes okay and this is what i like to tell people is if the mob was coming to perform
an insurrection then they would have breached the u.s house floor what we know is that only
jake that weird q shaman and who by the way a lot of people don't know this here's an exclusive
jake actually protested counter protested the last stop the steel rally in arizona so jake actually
has attacked stop the steel in arizona he's probably antifa he's probably antifa i looked
into this and apparently what happened is that the q shaman showed up at ali alexander's event
the stop the steel event and wanted to give a speech and he wouldn't let him yep they got
into a fight so okay all right it wasn't so much counter protesting it was that uh
uh yeah he didn't get a speaker slot he was not happy about it i propose a new solution to our
problems all right here's my here's my pitch i'm listening okay all of these grifter types
are scrambling to scapegoat which i like how it's 2020 yeah or 2021 yeah blackjack
maybe it is gonna stay i don't think it's it's too late now it's already happened
uh no okay they're scapegoating people all right gotta do it uh even though they love them uh and
they support everything that they did i propose the thunderdome all right alex jones has to go
up against the q shaman thunderdome two men enter one man leave ali are you talking about the uh
the place where they now have wwe raw absolutely the thunderdome two people enter one leaves until
we have a single ideological group it i mean i i think that might pull some better ratings than
alex's normal show that'd be great i'd watch that uh the paramilitary wing of the democratic party
it's just say that one more time that's just cute i'm sorry that's just uh antifa yeah that's all
he's saying yeah anyway fuck ali alexander he doesn't have anything interesting to say
it's a really short interview because alex has another guest and this guy's uncle wrote the
foreword for a very racist book written by gary allen about the civil rights movement great joel
scousin is back he has some interesting questions to ask about uh hey we're supposed to admire
general flinn right and you know alex did that interview with flinn right and in that interview
general flinn said 100 trump is still going to be president after january 20th correct and scousins
like how could he be so stupid how can he believe something how could he but i'm convinced that
there's somebody else who perhaps general flinn recognizes him in former days uh in the military
as well as general mackinary who's who's talking to them and telling them that i'm a patriot you
know there's a whole group in the white house or in the intelligence and military services that
are going to defend donald trump and put him back in the white house there's no other explanation
for why general flinn in the face of all that we know about the deep state would make a statement
that there's a hundred percent chance that donald trump's going to win this and he's got another
explanation oh that already it's um it's even worse i can tell you last thursday when trump
made that speech flinn broke with him and i'm gonna leave it at that but flinn is not buying
that kool-aid now yeah i wish you'd ask him if you have contact with who was the contact who told him
uh because that had to be somebody just give you out of the show his number yeah i'd appreciate
that that seems rude i would appreciate that as well that seems rude i am going to sleep better
tonight knowing that general flinn is being bothered by the nephew of w cleon scousin yeah
and ignoring his texts he will make me feel very good uh it's it's nice to know that general flinn
is soon gonna have to get a new phone number because scousin won't stop bother yeah exactly
that's what i wanted yeah that's what i want out of this whole thing yeah so uh epstein jeffrey
sure let's bring him back does everybody realize that they just tried to storm the fucking capital
he's dead right i guess i guess that's what drives the deep state the promise that we
will make all of your sins go away you won't be prosecuted unless you do something stupid
that we can't cover up like jeffrey epstein but even then they may have uh you know exited him
there was this uh eyewitness sighting at the new mexico ranch that sure he's probably alive
you know you can't put anything past these deep state people so i guess they both are suspicious
that uh epstein's still alive which is yeah great whatever all right anyway man so there was a video
that was going around on on twitter i believe that this is what alex is talking about um someone
brought it to my attention a couple people actually and it was a video of alex yelling
about like fuck trump you know yeah yeah all of this i didn't see it it was supposedly like after
all of this like trump conceding and being weak alex has turned on him sure and it was the videos
from when alex uh got mad at trump for bombing syria right right shoving isis up his dirty
asshole it was that same day um but it was the video of him like when he didn't realize the
feeds were live okay and he was yelling like fuck this shit i'm not in a fucking cult yeah you know
like all this yeah and people people like lied about it saying it was implying that it was
current sure alex thinks it might be a deep fake the interest of truth because i'm trying to scan
my mind i want to get into trump and the world and martial law and all the rest of it i'm a sinner
i've been through a lot of stress in 27 years on air probably 10 times i flipped out late at night
when i was drinking or i was angry one night my dog died it had an aneurysm spring out of its
face i came up here after it died i blew up on air and cussed and yelled but but there's nothing
modern i haven't done that in a long time so that's out there i repent nobody's perfect except
jesus christ uh but no i've not done anything in a long time like that that sounds like a deep fake
or edits of something i've done together that are exaggerated it might be a deep fake yeah that
sounds right that sounds right it's probably a deep thing yeah video of me screaming obscenity
about trump is that is that the only difference between the right wing and like uh other people
is just like other people are like hey i suppose i could be wrong about something not deep fake
yeah the right is just like i'm gonna have to go with i'm still right no matter what
yeah so scousin his uh interview is not really all that interesting either he's sort of going
on the same uh tracks that we've already seen not really bringing a whole lot more to the
the conversation outside of wanting flin's number sure and revealing that epstein's probably alive
still um so alex has something to say about presidencies this might be the last one everybody's
getting ready for the president he's not perfect but he's our president he's an american probably
the last president you'll see before the return of christ because god gives you an example of what
to do right before the fall like this is what you could have had so alex is uh doing the fourth hour
now because trump's gonna give his speech in alamo sure and alex is constantly going on and on about
how like no one else is broadcasting this speech jesus it's it's very annoying yeah um but after
the speech he gets into like this really fucked up headspace where he's just talking about how like
i've lived in the fire except it's not the fire all right it's the bacon grease okay
people are like jones are you scared uh the opposite i've been in the bacon grease for a
long time i've been lowered down in it my whole life man i've been waiting for this moment all
my life because i believe when i warn you when you get lowered down into that grease and your
grease and your toes hit that boiling pain and then it's up your shins and up to your legs and
up to your waist and up your chest and up your neck that you're gonna fight back i'm betting on
you i've lived in the grease for decades psychically i would say physically that's uh
my bed is made of grease that's a that's a weird mental image yeah i don't even see melted grease
either i see the like solid stuff if you leave it out for a day and it's sitting there it's
just sitting in there just like oh this is actually kind of comfortable it's basically
like a sensory deprivation tank it's like a jello bath yeah joe rogan got me on this it's a sensory
deprivation grease yeah i love the grease i go to a spa once every two weeks so alex fakes crying
uh also at the end of this episode which is a little fun yeah nothing will fulfill you like
the holy ghost the holy ghost will fulfill you so much you can't even believe it
but god demands you take action against evil which seems scary which i don't know why i've
been in this so long fighting evil is a pleasure it is an enjoyment it is the the question is why
do i do this more why was i not doing it before there's actually a great feeling of guilt and
patheticness in the face of god once you join god satan is a rotting dead carcass in the corner and
with maggots covering it and you're like looking at celestial galaxies and unending power and
you're like how did this ever what how is this and then you watch civilization falling and your
people falling that's the sick joke to replace trump sure with pike to replace your mother with
satan to replace everything that's strong and everything that's good with a lie why would you
do that all right alex i'm gonna need you to do this again from the top yeah yeah we're gonna
yeah we're gonna need to do another thread we're gonna need to do another take on this one alex
great trump with biden great great your mother with satan what are we having for dinner tonight
i want to wait i can't wait for the inauguration because i want to see if alex thinks that joe
biden's uh plumping up 10 bags of blood got 10 bags of blood in him he's pumping he's plumping
i do i do love the idea that you can you can reach enlightenment like you know you think of the the
great uh the great buddhas and how they they managed to pierce the veil and detach themselves
by seeing the ultimate meaninglessness of our space in the universe but if instead of like
being like oh i've reached enlightenment they were just like i hate biden that would be that
would be something yeah that would be interesting so now we get to the 13th um and uh alex is in a
different head space um he feels doomed a little bit uh turns out uh you ever see the children of
men that movie i have a lot of people talking about it right now i think alex might have seen
it yeah can we put the headline up for live show today please from mfo wars.com every day we have
a posting with a live audio video feed in it and it says right there we are now in the new world
order tune into this emergency broadcast if you want to live because when you look at people
and when you see children that are two or three years old today they're growing up in a dystopia
and it's going to accelerate very very quickly and that's the last generation that'll even be
able to have children and most of them won't be able to and most the children you see today will
be dead by the time they're 20 years old of cancers and other things implanted in them and
you'll just you'll be told oh something else caused it but it's it's it's the vaccines you're
all being killed we're all dying so i want all the fbi agents to know i want all the bureaucrats
knowing liberals to know conservatives to know everybody thinks you're part of the system you're
not part of the system i can tell you the people running this are not in control then are they
running it now they've been given advanced knowledge okay interdimensionally that's how
they get oh shit but it's it's aliens yeah it's the aliens it's the devil it's the devil alien
okay uh-huh so hmm interdimension yep yeah interdimensional demon devils trying to give
you vaccines in order to kill you but please don't storm the capital i am almost 100% positive
whatever you do just spread links to my content i'm just so sure that uh there's a promise that
you at least won't be fucked over by the devil in hell until after you die nah he's he's he's
poking you here i don't i just don't think fork the pitchfork is actually three vaccines also
i i just oh man this is a trident it works for prongs right so so silly whenever they take a
stupid religion and they're like no no let's add some science to it now that we know about
different dimensions yeah yeah god was actually in a higher plane man which which lowers everything
down from like a spiritual thing to just another fucking i think it takes a lot of value away from
yeah it's like oh you know i understand that lightning is static electricity as the you know
and it's like oh well i guess that's not as magical as if zeus was throwing it at me now i
know god's just some asshole in a different dimension fuck that guy yeah and live in my
dimension if you want to tell me what to do and it does introduce the uh you know sort of the point
that like once you realize that lightning isn't thrown by zeus and it is this electrical thing
you can then create lightning yeah you can understand it yeah and you know it kind of
takes away the point of religion if you bring all this science stuff to it because then it's within
the realm of human comprehension yeah and then it's not really religion at all yeah you see
through a glass darkly oh shit you guys found out about science i'm fucked so anyway it's the
extra dimensional devil that is interesting we could if it is extra dimensional then that would
suggest that there is a possibility that we could eventually pierce our way through into god's
dimension and finally kill and overthrow god like we've always been dreaming or conversely
alex does have an actual shot of destroying the death that's true yeah he's got an outside chance
it sounds silly to us but if you actually believe this stuff it's there yeah it's a long shot it's a
long shot right so anyway the devil's behind everything i give him 20 to 1 odds ah that's
generous we can look at all this news and all the things that are happening all the insanity
and we can say to ourselves well this is this is man-made but it's not we have a fallen nature
but we are being manipulated and the bible tells us that interdimensionally
a creature that is out of the light spectrum vision that we can see oh what now
fell to this planet and has a plan to overtake us play god and then use us and our creativity
to build an escape system for it off of the planet what that's how advanced we are we are
way more advanced than than than than the species the creature that turned against god what now
that's the bible folks secret societies and the churches and the masons and all of that is to
keep you from that information the churches are trying to keep this from you
i love that i want to end every insane things every insane thing i say with just now now that's
the bible that's the bible nailed it guys yeah put that one in the books yeah it would be it
would be really interesting if like all the stories about alex that uh end up getting
printed in these you know these outlets like they led with alex who believes he's fighting
an ex-dimensional demon yeah yeah yeah fuck you how dare you pretend that any of these people have
anything other than believes nonsense before their name alex jones who believes that communism is
being directed by a literal demon totally totally kind of would take some of the uh the sting away
from him make them the big bad whenever you're like oh that oh so um in the future
sick people will be forced to merge with machines that sounds right but they'll actually be killed
but what you will have to pretend that they haven't been killed and these machines are
actually them or else you'll get in trouble i mean we're off the edge of the cliff we're in
the new world order now but if you don't understand that at the end of this everybody dies
and there's no more children you're going to die you're going to die you're going to die
and there's no more children and in the process of wanting to live through the social credit score
they tighten the noose down they tighten the vice down until you are involved in public rituals
of sterilizing your children sterilizing yourself resisting god resenting god and turning over your
humanity because you're so sick you've got to merge the machines so you just believe you have
a chance to still live though you will actually die but there will be a law that you cannot call
the synthetics that are human machine merged cyborgs dead if you say that's not a person
anymore they didn't they didn't transfer over to the machine it's a fraud well i mean honestly
that's right mimicking them that will be punishable by death i don't know if i would go that far
i have the entire enemy blueprint all right now that's the bible and and now i've studied this so
much and now we've gone so far and i and i've been i've experienced things at different levels
so where now anybody can go read what the globalists say what they do and know what
they're going to carry out but now from my immersion in this since about seven years old
i can use the analogy see the code of the matrix and so let me just great analogy for sure not
sure not in an sg that's only going to get worse from here this is a lunatic yeah full stop yep
the end yeah period so anyway uh this lunatic here uh he wants to uh it seems like he wants to
distance himself from trump a little bit oh i can't imagine why and uh this was one of the uh the
first indications of like it didn't work out you know whatever and so i just want to tell liberals
conservatives all of you look i know what happened with trump wishful thinking happened so i'm going
to tell you what really went down with trump we come back i've thought about this i prayed about
this and i'll explain when we come back but just listen to me listen to me the new world order is
here tune in to this emergency broadcast if you want to live that's not a joke because the god of
this world loves death sure loves death yeah why not so yeah trump was wishful thinking
yeah what did he just start listening to our show he must have yeah because i
did he start in the back catalog where i was like in 2017 guys trump is going to abandon you
the moment that it's an expedient for him to fucking do so yeah this is all nonsense you're
building up something that's going to eventually blow up in your face he's not the guy you're
saying he is he's a giant coward who's a front man for consortiums on the god damn he's cold yeah
yeah so apparently also i know that i think you and i have heard um alex say that trump is one
of the greatest christians uh ever uh he's very religious he's deeply religious he held up that
bible one time and you see him praying with like uh paula white cain and all these types that's
right that's right praying to money i believe that's what paula white cain prays to right well
it turns out that trump actually isn't christian oh that's not a surprise he's more of an energy
guy great trump thought he could go in there and defeat these people and he's never been a devil
worshiper but he did whatever was popular but as he felt the real he said he was uh undercover
as a christian and he felt the energy of god and christ empowering him and got into that energy in
that mission because trump's an energy guy you said he was a secret religions and names and this
or that we've had conversations about the energy loves energy you said he's been a christian since
like 40 years the enemy let trump get in he did win by a landslide the first time in the second
time they let him get in to energize the left and then have people reject control borders reject law
and order reject populism reject jobs reject a optimistic future and to say no we want a evil
pedophile communist chinese zombie so trump is a false flag i am tired dan tired wait i'm so tired
i know that this is exhausting and it's so stupid but trust me the end of this episode is going to
be so worth it all right um yeah but i don't know i i know that he's implying kind of that like
trump is a false flag which is weird because analyze the last years of your career then buddy
boy yeah um yeah but the way alex is trying to sum it up here on this episode is like hey me a culpa
i put too much faith in the guy you know hey what do you know i got too optimistic and i should
teach and i should cover the globalist different angles of it of philosophy and and like i said
break the left-right paradigm because the republicans and democrats are part of the same
system you see that again right now trump was a populist movement it was powerful but i put too
much hope in it you did as well go fuck yourself you don't get to do like this is the one time that
i want as much as possible all of us to come together and this is something that i feel like
the right should get on board with these guys just don't get to do this no they you can pick new
propagandists but alex doesn't get to go back well and also it would be good for there to be a real
moment of reflection for people who are serious and not total assholes who just happen to have
more conservative ideas about the way a state should maybe be organized take a moment to
reflect on how what these people have done to your party now we're at a point where most
right-thinking people will not like even engage with conservative ideas because these people have
taken over uh the the premise of your party all right uh so it's january 21st uh it's a good time
for us to start getting to work on the new agenda and now we're going to talk with uh mo brooks who
just two weeks ago helped to orchestrate a fucking coup about tax proposals yeah we're talking now
we're gonna talk tax proposals with a guy who's friends with ali alexander yeah no fuck that yeah
why in god's name would i talk about any policy issue with you if i know your secret plan is
overthrow the god damn government yeah and and it's not fair uh for alex to pretend that it's
just like yeah we got too excited about this like no that's you don't get to do that no it's
personally mean to me yeah but i think that he's struggling with this too um and i i got a little
bit of a feeling of some alex trying to express something that he's not willing to express in
this next clip and granted i might be psychoanalyzing too much but no real satanism
about pushing past boundaries and doing really really destructive hateful things of hurting
people and not caring and being a predator which you are and not in a respectful way like you kill
a deer and then harvest it for the food no no you're you're killing people's dreams you're
you're stealing people's destinies you're hurting the loving energy on this planet you're not good
people you're failures and it's why you're all so scrawny and ugly and sick because you're losers
that the satanic system crushed and now you've gone to the thing that abused you hoping you could
get power by the thing that abused you when all it will do is continue to destroy you
you people are seeking after power you will get so much power from the holy ghost that you will
be ashamed of yourself and what you were and you will not even know how to deal with it because god
is infinitely greater than that so i think if you pay close attention to the words that alex is
saying there i think you can hear that as him ranting about himself yeah he's saying that these
satanic losers he's yelling about are so pathetic because they were crushed by a system and in
response they're buddying up to the very system that crushed them in hopes of getting power from
it he then says god will give you unspeakable power alex has been pretty clear in the past
about how much suffering supporting trump has brought into his life from the financial hardships
to the lawsuits he's in way more trouble than he was before he decided to take on trump as his
divine champion that could easily be understood as alex being crushed by a system in response he's
clung on for dear life hoping that system that had crushed him would give him some power in the end
which now is becoming painfully clear is not the case but there's a different more important level
to this shit that i don't think alex even understands as he's talking in this very episode
it's super clear that alex is working through some buyer's remorse on trump and having to admit to
his audience that he got too optimistic about trump as president but this is not the same thing
as like you or me being slightly disillusioned with some of the policy objectives that weren't
achieved under obama yeah this isn't a situation where alex just liked trump and he wasn't as good
as he hoped alex routinely said that trump was a leader anointed by god god had told alex that
trump was the way to go for alex to now get soft on trump is an admission that he was either making
all that shit up or he's actually soft on god alex doesn't mean any of the things he says the
constant talk about god being on his side and his enemies being controlled by the devil they don't
mean anything it's all just extremist talk to make the difference between his side and the other side
seem impossible to ever reconcile i get the sense that alex is beginning to recognize that trump
himself is a dead end and the price of continuing to believe that he's a god-ordained ruler despite
the fact that biden is president will believe that he's required to do things like storm the capital
yeah and he doesn't want to do that because then there's no money anymore exactly yeah it and this
is just like i i wish i wish that people could see that more clearly yeah any audience member of alex
is that thinks that he has some kind of an actual connection to the religious ideas that he presents
like you got to get over that it's nonsense totally i just heard him say you're killing
people's dreams and then i was like immediately cut to owen schroyer trying to get a job in media
in five years there's only one infowars person that i've seen actually uh make the leap i think
so there's a guy mchale thalen who uh who writes uh for some i can't remember what outlet he writes
for but i've seen uh the bylines for mchale thalen uh being put around by people who don't realize he
used to work it in for a while yeah yeah so he might uh have a little bit less of the stink did
he do the the politico thing today i'm not sure um but yeah everyone else dreams crushed so brutal
there's news coming out here on the 13th and conversations starting to happen about this
uh this idea uh that was put up by representative mickey cheryl about the uh the possibility that
there was a recon tour yeah the day before that some members of congress were were leading and
this is really fucked up for alex so he's just going to decide it's not real oh you can be a
former u.s attorney that's now a congresswoman who put out a big fake article that that that
that congressman had ali alexander in the capital and they were casing it out the day before and she
saw them and she wants them all arrested because he was he was reconning it she knows that's all a
lot so she said that congress members she saw some congress members giving tours of the capitol
building to people on january 5th the day before the storming yeah this is suspicious to her because
there were no official tours being done at the moment because of covet 19 so it seemed weird for
these people to be inside the capitol it all would be weird as of the time of this recording cheryl
has joined more than 30 house members calling for an investigation into the people who are there the
day prior and if that proceeds we'll know a lot more as it stands right now if what she's
suggesting is true things may be way more fucked up than they appear yeah but i do want to call out
what is a bit of misinformation that i think alex is combining with this and that is that there was
a particular video that was floating around that shows ali alexander alex and nick fuentes in what
appears to be the capitol building people have claimed that this video was from the day before
the storming but i've actually found that footage posted as early as november and it's from when
the three of them were in the georgia capitol building uh for that stop the steal event sure
you know they're talking about like if you let the hillbillies decide we'll lose the country that
yeah you can find corroborating videos from that day where they're all in the same uniform or same
outfits right so i think that what's going on is that video was making the rounds and alex is
responding to that as being what uh representative cheryl was talking about right and i don't know if
that's fair yeah i think we're in a the hard the hard part of the situation is that after the sixth
i just you can't put anything beyond reason you know like if you told me like one of the
representatives had a gun pointed to uh aoc's face i would be like that might be true i can't
rule that out anymore i understand you know i understand that but it's it's critically important
to not descend into the the realm of believing stuff that's too convenient and that you just
want to 100 that's that's what i'm that's what i'm saying is yeah unfortunately now you know
a lot of that stuff you know you could have just been like okay i don't have the bandwidth to
investigate this there's no way that the representative held a gun directly to her face
and now it's like if if i see that i have to go investigate to make sure because it really could
be true which is terrifying but at the same time i you can't believe that right you know well it's
tough yeah but i think that's also more like it's the burden of the modern information space yeah
and how you can exist in it as a responsible uh consumer of information yeah it's tough it does
suck but it is no it's enough to drive anywhere between uh 30 and 45 percent of the population
insane yep everybody should not be using social media yep anyway uh nancy pelosi uh had uh had
some comments about people taking a statue down while back she said something to the effect of
people are gonna do what they're gonna do right and uh alex decides to play this clip and then
talk about killing her but hey are you going to stop the burning and the fires the killing
well people are going to do what people are going to do in fact let's play that first
the tucker carlson clip but here's here's pelosi people are going to do what people are going to
do here it is respectfully shouldn't that be done by a commission or the city council not a mob in
the middle of the night throwing it into the harbor do what they do it it's a it is uh i do
think that from a safety standpoint uh it would be a good idea to uh have it taken down if the
community killed him i don't know that it has to be a commission uh but it just could be a community
so if somebody walked up pelosi god forbid it turned into a martyr seriously and stabbed her
in the neck would that just oh people would put on a tombstone people do what they do no lady
that's not how it works stop assaulting us trying to get us to attack you so you play the victim
you hunchback devil-worshipping witch who will burn in hell god has got you in his process not
us vengeance is mine sayeth the lord i'm gonna play the stucker carlson clip on the uganda
hypocrisy but first i've got products you need amazing x2 back in stock 50 off it's about to
go up so we're selling out of it nailed it hit me um that's like james brown with the sting
hit me so alex uh whenever he says like vengeance is the lord's like we've heard him talk multiple
times about how the riddle of that is that sometimes you need to be god's vengeance
you are god's been i mean if you feel like god is speaking to you sometimes that's what alex is
expressing when he says that vengeance is the lord's that's not what he's saying that's
literally what he's saying but the intent behind it what that what that expression conveys to the
initiated within the infowars uh uh uh information space it means someone stab uh someone might need
to stab nancy pelosi yeah it's fucked up it is a interesting uh like flaw in the legal system is
that because of the way these people speak you can't you can't just like enter oh see alex said
uh vengeance is mine sayeth the lord so that was a death threat you know you have to be like okay
listen to 300 hours no but i honestly don't think it would be that difficult to say like okay you're
saying vengeance is the lord's and the lord has nancy pelosi and the crosshairs uh it's gonna get
stabbed in the neck or whatever and then uh multiple times frequently you've discussed how
the idea that vengeance is the lord's is a riddle right and that actually what it's talking about
is sometimes humans have to step up and be the instruments of god's vengeance right would you
like to uh have a conversation about that i think you could introduce that in court and uh it would
look pretty bad i wouldn't look good i don't know if it's legally actionable but he's a real asshole
speaking of assholes we get another guest now okay and it's a baby reporter oh no junior reporter and
i by junior i mean a baby in an oversized trench coat and a silly hat oh yeah patrick howley comes
on he likes the uh the storming of the capital of course he he hasn't gotten the memo there's a lot
to be optimistic about because america first is ascendant i think all over the world people are
beginning to realize that our political system here in the united states is absolutely broken
and i know that you're not a big fan of the protest i think some funny things happen for
instance somebody defecated on chuck schumer's desk and that puts a smile on my face i like
hearing that i like seeing that headline i think that's a a small win for humanity when somebody
does that you're not supposed to think that though patrick you're supposed to think it's antifa yeah
i kind of think it's funny so patrick is like he doesn't get the script he doesn't get how we can
make this profitable yeah because he's super into it and he's like this is a good thing you know
i'll say this when the viking shaman and these people were presiding over congress there were
no foreign wars okay we weren't giving any of our taxpayer dollars to pakistan for gender studies
so i was getting calls from all over the world including france and italy in the populist
movement and people were inspired by this so yes it seems to have gone disastrously and i wasn't
there and you know it didn't seem like there was any plan or any rhyme or reason to it and
obviously there were agitators in the crowd but i think just the act of civil disobedience puts the
message out there that americans are at odds with their government and that's a powerful yes our
founders dumped millions of dollars of equivalent of tea in the ocean against attacks i get it okay
what i'm saying to you is if we're gonna launch a war it should be done differently and we played
right in their hands and i don't want violence this weekend the globalist heather provocateurs
everywhere trying to get violence that's all i'm saying so basically alex is saying to patrick if we
endorse this we won't get our good war no but there's that but that's that's almost like an
abstract yeah yeah sure sure sure if we endorse people standing up and storming the capital as
like we're at odds with the government whatever other anti-government violence that ends up
happening is going to be seen as something that we're encouraging and i can't make money on that
yeah i will get i will end up arrested if we end up to uh being seen as the i don't know the
mouthpiece the media of uh an insurgent network yeah we can't do that we have to play it smoother
patrick you just be reporter grow up you but at the same time alex said we played right into their
plan you know like okay so yes and so now they got false flagged that antifa with the instigators
sure but that still means that all of those people did it and wanted to do it you wouldn't have been
they they got tricked by the neuro-linguistic programming on the bullhorn i'm so tired yeah
and uh the person who took a shit on schumer's desk was probably q person and you know all the
stuff that happened yeah like the people who were trump people were just the ones who were
milling around and taking selfies and stuff sure they were all good people all the things that you
would be horrified by those were provocateurs you could absolutely stand around and take pictures
outside of the capitol building good if you storm it that's interesting yeah so we now get to the
point that i've been waiting for since the day that it all went down oh shit oh shit i know who's
coming i know who's coming now i got dr steve pacenik and he was a psychiatrist and worked at
the state department psychological warfare and helped found delta force and he co-wrote the books
with tom clancy i mean he he's a real spook spook uh compared to all the armchair quarterbacks that
never actually done anything this is amazing all right this is one of my favorite dr steve pacenic
appearances okay this is psychic trauma okay for alex okay this does not go well okay there's a lot
of big swings on steve's part that's what i was looking for and then there's also a lot of steve
trying to hold a mirror up to alex okay not liking the mirror not liking the mirror so he really
doesn't like the mirror yeah but before he introduces steve he's really gotta like okay i
know that he said the the election was a sting operation sure i can't really still believe that
one's a little late but it was just a prediction sure he wasn't saying that he was involved in that
he literally said he well and i like steve he's been on the show like 19 years he was trying to
be optimistic you know i think that's why he did it saying hey there was some water murky of
ballots i don't think it was done system-wide this election that was done with the states
democrats put out their own fake ballots but he made that prediction that you know trump will be
able to turn this around uh now a lot of things have gone sideways i want to get his take on that
so let's get his take on that i am excited are you ready i am excited i am looking i have been
looking forward to the biggest swing and that's gotta come from stevie pease right okay nobody
else can swing like him also please keep in mind that alex has been going on the war path against
q 100 now steve casey at the bat might be really just sounding like you an object we are now
officially in a military coup what has happened and why i was part of it is because i've had a
history of doing soft foods in the united states and what we call hard coups overseas overthrowing
regimes using the military in this case we had what we call a hard coup it was initiated as i
said a month and a half ago two months ago by our cyber command using special forces they were over
400 people from all parts of the intelligence community i won't go into the names but in effect
now we are about to arrest elosey we're going to arrest biden hunter biden mitt romney oh yeah
those arrests are coming coming right around the corner but you know that's q stuff like these
arrests are about to happen it's been going on forever going on for years but steve he's not
one of these guys who's just like this stuff is gonna happen stuff has already happened and you
might be shocked to hear about it we have already arrested and basically overseas we have taken out
the pope whom i've identified for over 30 years as a terrorist steve has arrested the pope
pope francis first of his name
so steve arrested the pope okay this is the pope has been arrested this is the thing that's going
around in q anon stuff this is this is a q anon conspiracy theory um and so it's so funny when
the pope tries to do like very slow incrementally good changes and everybody's like we gotta kill
him we just gotta arrest him we gotta throw him into prison forever we're gonna get an update
on the pope a little bit later steve has more details okay it might be even less believable okay
then we've arrested the pope but how i don't know he's his own country so alex believes that on the
sixth antifa antagonized the police who then got into a fight with q anon people who then stormed
the capital and took poop on schumer's desk which was a false flag very false or something patriots
got set up trump supporters tried to fight them off of course it was a noble but uh doomed much
like the 300 at thermopoly yeah they were doomed to failure but they fought heroically to protect
the capital absolutely um steve's got another angle on this by the way there was no rioting in
the capital i happen to know three to four people here from my town who said it was very peaceful
the police took down the barrier alex was there in fact what people don't know is the forces
operators in there to take pelosi's uh computer this is another q anon wow they were just uh
there to take uh the special ops to come in to take pelosi's computer oh my god yep he's just
a q guy he's just a q guy so stupid yeah so now yeah this is where the mirror comes up here we
get there's a really really fascinating thing that's going on throughout this uh appearance
and i i get the feeling that it's steve revealing himself to alex as a like uh a supervillain
okay because he's like alex i've been using you to get these extremist talking points out
and try and start a coup for 20 years don't you understand you're the vehicle you're the useful
idiot you idiot alex can't really hear it no he doesn't like that this is important for you alex
to understand and all of the listeners you were the method through which we were able to implement
the coup it wasn't when you asked me how do you know what i was doing how could i predict it the
truth was and still is and by the way you did an excellent interview with mike flinn the truth is
you were the vehicle through which i was promoting the necessary actions that had to be accomplished
you shut the fuck up that is fantastic don't put me in this that is fantastic i love it yeah i
love it alex do you know what sometimes i was lying to you because it's part of the fucking
op yeah you idiot hey uh i was trying to start a military coup in this country and you did it buddy
mission accomplished like i don't believe any of this stuff but i do believe that steve's
perception yeah of course and it seems like he's speaking real freely yeah i haven't seen this
since he declared himself in open treason i uh back in 2013 or whatever that was i do like the
freedom that you get with the job security of just being an asshole for alex and the complete lack
of actually doing anything i think he's you can say you can do you did whatever you want i think
he's also like the kind of person who gets high on chaos yeah totally and i think that he's like
i think he's a little high yeah yeah that sounds right so anyway he used alex yes but he also has
an explanation for why he couldn't use other media oh they wouldn't have them that's the truth right
his version of it might involve uh some of them are jewish uh why would i expect anything less
steve might get a little anti-semitic why would i expect it all of these elements came out through
you alex jones the reason we never used the new york times we didn't do the washington post we
didn't do any of the others we understood who controlled them i knew about the murdoch family
from the day they came over in 1958 i never trusted murdoch i didn't trust his family what people
didn't know unfortunately is that murdoch's mother's an orthodox jew and he is a totally
corrupt individual and a coward along with his family who brought in all of these stations and
eventually kicked you and others off of it so you were chosen as the method through which we could
initiate a military coup this is just wild wild yeah wild god damn so alex understandably scratch
and sniff and you'll find an anti-semite oh i mean steve's revealed that side of himself many times
totally uh alex is a little caught off guard you could imagine uh because steve is saying a lot of
stuff that very much contradicts everything he's been saying since the sixth steve uh we've been
doing this for 20 years how is it that i still don't do pre-interviews with you what the fuck
why am i still are we still doing this so you were chosen as the method through which we could
initiate a military coup okay well we didn't talk about this beforehand i went to have a peaceful
demonstration to show our numbers to expose election fraud look man yeah i don't know i
don't know about all that i don't know what any of that shit is about you fucking lunatic you
did not tell me this earlier i have no idea what the fuck you're talking about i just wanted to
have a march so uh alex started this interview by saying that like steve said that there were
the watermark ballots sure sure sure sure and a it was a prediction right steve not so much not
still we marked the computers we marked the ballots we marked the everything that was done
was a sting operation nothing is changed and what was done it was done by trump a businessman who
understood the degree of corruption that existed among the democrats this isn't just something
about the world control of america this was the concept of a fascist state coming in with the
notion of a coronavirus which was not lethal using fauci another catholic who was trained by okay
listen i don't know what's going on here because you've come on the show in 19 years give us a lot
of good information but sure i mean it looks like trump's leaving in seven days you're saying this
is a coup uh steve also appears to be quite anti-catholic yeah yeah he points out a number
of times people who are catholics unsurprising it's very fucked up it's it's so funny to me
every time that they're like the the christian right i'm like man if we were gone they would
be murdering each other in the streets well it's not even anything unique about christian
extremism or anything it's it's it's any kind of exclusive yeah group any any group that defines
itself by exclusion will eventually find new ways to exclude people yeah it's part of the the dna
of that kind of system even the fucking daoist magicians murdered each other so yeah you'll end
up like you know an all-white ethno state will eventually uh alienate people of different hair
colors totally you know eventually the that's how this works it's the only way to continue to drive
profit yeah so alex is like hey man look we got like a week left until the fucking inauguration
how's this gonna work yeah sell me on this one doc quantify this for me your view your perspective
on this how is it a successful military coup against the deep state who he knows there and
is corrupt uh the globalist arm of the deep state i guess if biden gets in in seven days are you
saying trump's gonna get in there's about to be mass arrest we don't have a lot of time here
like 150 hours what are you saying is about to happen i'm about to say that biden is not going
to be the president of the united states what i'm going to be saying is that there have been
massive arrests and what i'm saying in effect is that we on martial law and we have a military coup
q anon's real baby oh man yeah talk about that's that's a non-answer that's such a mirror isn't it
just alex finally just being like oh god you sound crazy yeah yeah and listen to this next clip this
is where i was like alex has got to be realizing this dude is like out of his mind yeah there is
no globalism that's going to be involved we have shut down pakistan we have shut down part of
england we're already the well they're all talking about stepping down whoa whoa whoa listen for a
minute the pope was arrested well over a year ago the reason why he was arrested alex because on
your show i said this pope was corrupt and had been involved with terrorist organizations 20
to 30 years ago i was forbidden to take him out under a cyrus fan wait a minute you're saying the
pope well who's the guy we've seen traveling around the world in last year i don't see anybody
traveling around the world right now you don't see anybody what what the fuck so yeah the pope got
arrested a year ago apparently who's the guy we see going around you don't see anybody shit man
alex has got to be like oh no that is because this is exactly that moment that so many people
have had to have had with alex is eventually it's like okay this guy is literally saying to my face
everything i've ever believed is a lie or controlled by him um so i can either believe this
and then i'm gone or i have to stop for a second and go like oh no shit oh no so the two of them
get into a little bit of a fight sure about whether or not trump is going to stay president
and if you listen carefully at the end of this clip you can hear steve's wife laughing in the
background but i'm just telling you in seven days pacenic tell us what's gonna who's gonna be the
president what's about to happen seven days let me repeat it again jones it's going to be trump
it will not be biden biden's people will be arrested there will be people who will be
arrested pelosi biden humor that's what's going to happen and if i'm wrong fine don't put me on
your show if i'm right what else are you going to do you can even yeah his wife's laughing quite a
bit in the background throughout this interview i think she's loving it she's having a ball yeah
so i think steve doesn't like the fact that alex is trying to pretend that this whole incident on
january 6th right was some kind of a false flag sure you have to blame the left no just own it
man yeah just why why even pretend anymore i love it and i see the left provocateuring right wing
groups for a bunch of craziness this weekend and it doesn't look good to me so i don't want to
encourage people like you saw the q guys going to the capital of zip ties they thought they were in
a secret mission arrest people alex quiet down a bit you've never been in a military coup you do
not understand what that means you do not understand how quickly we work and how long
we've been preparing for this yeah so he's golden alex four stars yeah go home and tell your mother
you're brilliant this is a little different though this is almost just like mask off time
alex alex let's do this we hate democracy fuck it where it's time yeah and steve gets a little
a little insulting mike down for this because i loved this clip so the one thing that they can
come to an agreement on is that there's martial law that's going on right now alex asks so why
are there black helicopters in austin and steve's response to it is like whoa perfect the one thing
i know you're saying it's true the one thing you're saying is true is we are under martial
law right now it's not just in dc that's correct i've said it repeatedly you're under martial law
everywhere the state of california blackhawk helicopters hovering over downtown austin this
morning because you're you're you're sitting down in austin you're working very hard in your studio
and you're trying to sell vitamins we don't send blackhawk helicopters everywhere this is not just
special forces why do i see blackhawk helicopters because you're trying to scare people
oh my god oh my god steve is dipping his balls into alex's eyes that is a scathing answer that
is hilarious why do i see the scares you're trying to sell pills yeah i sell these vitamins
you're a fucking drug dealer alex that's what you are yeah so alex is not he's not having a
good time with this interview but he thinks that he's capable of having this interview and i would
say he's wrong i'm gonna ask the tough questions here uh a 19-year history with this guy on air
he's giving us 99 good stuff but i mean gosh i hope he's right now some say don't have him on
now you can burn in hell too you know this idea that i'm just supposed to have one view on here
one idea this is all in flux we are under martial law i just think that if you're gonna have
interviews with people like this they should be a little bit more uh well done you shouldn't be
caught off guard by him telling you that you have been a 30-year instrument of his desire to start a
military coup 20 years no pre-interviews 20 years 20 years i've been doing this this happens i once
every four months once a week yeah i think that it's like really i don't know i i don't think
that you know you should have blanket uh no uh no absolutely no talking to steve or whatever sure
but i do think that uh it behooves you to prepare you should prepare yeah yeah i i can't imagine
thinking that steve is in pocket you know yeah like steve is a loose cannon at the best of times
you can't expect steve to hold to the line no he doesn't before the first time he burned alex like
in 2004 yeah exactly exactly maybe alex could be forgiven how many times has steve been put on the
back bunch for a year damn it again so they make a bet okay here's the bet we're gonna have alex
once and for all if i'm wrong i will never appear on your show again but if i'm right i become one
of your official paid commentators super all you want that you're right i'll hardy and pay you can
be on show every day that's correct all right so we have that bet right yes okay so alex is eating
oh and this is weird to me because this implies that steve wants to work at infowars yes why
hasn't he been uh he just doesn't have the time he's making this wild bet it doesn't have the
time you know maybe this is an exit strategy because he knows that he's going to be wrong
yeah and then he's like oh i'll never have to appear on this dumbass this is his retirement
this is his last episode yeah because he is revealing it all yeah much like the magician
yeah showing all the cards yeah but that's not about me it was i'm talking about you alex you
were the vehicle that was initially anointed say by me all right but if you were anointed because
i took that risk to say this is going to be the major vehicle for where we're going to go in the
next 20 or 30 years so in this process you have to remember what is this coup about this is a coup
to pay back the chinese for the corruption cowardice for the wars that they sent us in iraq
and afghanistan to obama who sent up the war including biden who specifically sent soldiers
there and we lost 5 000 people there alex do you understand that i have been using you to
uh try and build up a terrorist insurrection as payback against my political enemies
you shouldn't just say that well you should you should know he's gonna say something like this
beforehand if you're the host of the show yeah because it's tough to roll with that's fantastic
especially when you don't have to throw it to commercial break and steve somebody who has too
much respect in your universe for you to just be like go fuck yourself i just don't know how you
could respond to that with anything other than so you are saying that you have been controlling me
you've been running aside you've been running you've been everything that i've been saying
from you is in purpose of one goal not necessarily the truth for 20 years you have
harbored this grudge uh i think that alex knows that he's full of shit though so he doesn't have
to he doesn't have to wrestle with it too much worry too much about that and uh steve uh maybe
he's an anti-semite but yeah he's also apparently a failed uh individual in the world of show
business um you know he he wrote a couple books with tom clancy sure uh a ways back and hey one
of his books was apparently going to be turned into a tv show uh but then something in hollywood
didn't go well okay i'll give you an example just recently state of emergency was picked up by one
of the major presidents of cw network and that person whom i've known for years in hollywood
said i want to help you out what happened when he found out i was involved in a coup
he was disgusted what happened to all of hollywood among american jews they're incompetent they're
ignorant wild wow an old white man who failed in hollywood blaming the jews that is so original
damn yeah that's wildly original that is just but i do think like you take that part out of it take
the anti-semitism part out of it i think it's pretty hilarious that he's like all right i had
this screenplay yeah the guy at cw loved it but then he found out i was involved in a coup all
of these fucking guys have a goddamn screenplay no but but hey why am i being kicked out of hollywood
because i was involved i did was involve myself in a coup what are you oh you're gonna be disgusted
by that i thought you'd be impressed bunch of squares how many accues have you been involved
with huh so alex uh realizes that hey uh if steve's right i gotta hire him right so let's talk about
uh salary okay so i took dr steve pacinik's bet that if trump is president on january 21st 2021
that we're gonna hire pacinik with a daily show if he wants it i'll pay him 200 000 a year
he's got that bet but he's not allowed if he loses the bet to just go away he has to come back on the
show not to humiliate him i'm wrong about stuff i felt like i was set up but also maybe to humiliate
him i would hope to humiliate yeah i i would say that it there's no way that dr steve comes back on
for a while to to be humiliated no because alex is going to want to do a whole oh i just sell
fucking vitamins do i is that what i do there will be a long break you won't see him for a while yeah
yeah yeah um but also i don't think it would work in alex's interests to humiliate him either because
you know there'll be a little splash back on the info war sure why do you even talk to this guy
why do you take anything he says seriously true fucking liar but alex is also petty to the point
of throwing his entire life away true yeah it's competing forces i don't know exactly how it goes
we'll see how we'll see what wins out in the end so this gave me chills alex is talking about like
he's trying to ask steve a question he's like steve you're a nice guy and then steve has to remind him
am i dr pochenik you're a nice guy and a smart guy but i i just i don't think you mean bad i just
think you're being overly optimistic here so we're gonna find out in seven days and seven days you're
coming back on aren't you absolutely but remember one thing about me how is a very nice guy able to
take out the kamir rouge without any weapons able to take out the soviet union without any weapons
able to take this riddle noriega without any weapons what do you understand what this nice guy
does do you understand yeah i'm a nice guy i'm gonna answer that i fuck with people i'm gonna
answer that riddle dan uh i'm gonna go with uh he doesn't no no but but he's the what the message
of that is i appear to be a nice guy but i'm a sociopath i was gonna go with uh the message was
more i didn't actually do any of those things no but alex is so gullible that like someone like
steve would be able to manipulate him pretty easily that's true i mean if you can get him
to believe that he's done all these things geopolitically like yeah i've been malevolently
fucking with you the way that you think i would have if i took down the so yeah exactly yeah
i'm not a nice guy no i'm an asshole yeah i just told you that you sold vitamins dickwad yeah
so alex wants to know how biden's not going to be president because he wants specifics i would like
specifics uh we learn instead about steve's pets that sounds right i'm trying to figure out so you
can't tell us how this magic's gonna happen and joe biden's gonna step down in seven days i mean
explain to me the details i just said it to you you you you're perseverating alex i said to you
there will be arrests of the biden's the pelosis it's going on now he will not come to the
presidency i hope you're right can we meet your cat please i only have two i have two cats and
three dogs so alex i think got a little uncomfortable because steve is basically
just disseminating cue shit yeah on his show so what's what's mrs pacenik feeling like i don't
know man i would like to know what her day to day is like yeah i don't know i i i there's a little
bit of curiosity but also i don't care you know like personal lives and stuff totally i just see
them i just see them both like on the back porch laughing about how they're fucking with alex
absolutely like like they both got their books yeah yeah and tom clancy novels exactly and
steve's got a lit cigarette over there just burning slow and then they both stop for one
second and steve just looks up and he just goes oh my god you have no idea what i'm going to tell
alex tomorrow it is going to be hilarious i'm going to tell them we arrested the pope a year
ago i am going to tell alex we arrested the fucking pope yeah and she loses her shit that'd
be great so steve uh is a doctor he has a doctorate and he thinks that that means something
either i'm a genius or i just see ordinary problems and say you know what you're wrong
that's what allowed me to be a doctor and what does a doctor really do he saves lives and he
and he can kill lives you better think very carefully that this nice guy is what he may or
may not be whoa whoa steve is saying that because he's a doctor he has the right to give and take
lives some people tell you about this oath that you take when you become a doctor dan and they're
wrong sometimes you kill for pleasure or gain those are the reasons you become a doctor i don't
know if doctors get the right to kill so steve insists that there will be arrests before the
inauguration so we got a real clock on that one closing comments here we're gonna see some we're
gonna see some fireworks in the next seven days now you're not gonna see fireworks you're gonna
see a lot of arrests and it's gonna be quiet and you're gonna see martial law we've clamped down
the cities you already see in washington it's clamped down we clamped down in berlin we clamped
down in pakistan we clamped down in italy and now you will also make another prediction this
nice man the italian government will fall apart within 24 hours other than that alex i've had a
wonderful time and i hope to see you again go fuck yourself i'm gonna throw this one last bombshell
out to you italy gone tomorrow in a day and also fuck you fuck you i'm at i've had a very great
time explaining to you that i've been fucking with you for decades yeah and you can't do shit
oh that's a good interview it is pretty good i would feel pretty confident if i was stevie
peas at the end of that one yeah and i think that alex is so taken aback that all he can do is really
like this butter let's talk about your cats let me ask you a question what is your cat's the cat
that was on the tv's name geronimo that's cultural appropriation you got what's the other cat what's
the other what's the other cat's name nona meaning no name she's about four years old well you we
should nominate nona to be the first female president you know what i i love you alex
could you stage a coup for his daughter pajening and put your cat in a little snippy no i want to
really have a real president for the first time we haven't had a real president in 50 years neither
the bush the clintons the obamas the bidens none of them were real presidents now you're going to
see a real president so what alex was doing there was kind of trying to take back power in the
dynamics like would you stage a coup to put your cat in yeah it's sort of mocking the resume that
alex has given uh steve and it's ineffective no he's already empowered steve way too much
steve doesn't give a shit no try and make fun of me yeah i just said italy was gonna be gone
tomorrow i arrested the pope a year ago what do you got on me oh you're gonna make me feel stupid
i just said that the pope has been gone for a year and told you that even though yes you have seen
the pope around you haven't seen anybody yep and this just leaves alex in a bind all right my
friends i'm alex Jones your host that was a wild interview i i sure hope dr botanics right you
know mainstream media and the globalists want us to believe whatever they say they tell so many
big lies that it makes you get to the point we don't even know what the truth is anymore
is it wishful thinking is it hoping um that guy's been involved in overthrow governments a lot of
the big stuff i mean i don't want a military coup we're already under a chinese globalist coup so i
just don't know what to say about any of it i'm just here covering it he's so pathetic yeah that's
sad he can't even operate as a sincere person because to attack steve raises too many questions
about his own credibility and all of the conspiracies that he's based on steve over the
years so he's stuck in a lurch where he has to be well i hope he's right it could happen if steve
is what you pretend he is there's no hoping he's not saying these things like oh maybe this no
thing he did it he did it and he's doing it exactly and you're still being used the fact
that you how could you not i just don't understand how you could let somebody say i have been
using you for 20 years to your face and not be like then go fuck yourself well in many ways this
is kind of like the nigerian email scam i think we just hit the button and the show is over yeah
you just did it i think you just nailed it that's full circle it's all over so um after this alex
has an interview with laura loomer but i don't really care she's just complaining about how she
had a tough time at the airport and i don't care yeah uh it's a zero especially after that epic
interview with yeah no we can't no wow that's the end of the episode i can't wait to see what
happens like not i mean i don't think that you know trump's sting operation is real i kind of
doubt it yeah i think i think the inauguration will happen and i just want to see how they deal
with it i i'm gonna guess denial i'm gonna guess that they pretend that this didn't happen sure
this interview didn't happen yeah yeah steve will disappear for a month or two yeah and then he'll
come back uh with a new narrative of some sort much like a pro wrestler whose character has
grown weary yeah uh they'll get repackaged they'll come up with a new character and show back up in a
few months i just don't understand see now the thing that confuses me maybe more than anything
else now is after seeing the events of the sixth and how trump has decided to pout why would you
want to install him as your dictator like like i mean i think why would you want a fucking powder
to be your dictator i think that's pathetic yeah i think that steve thinks it's all like the art of
war sunzu kind of stuff and so like and i think that's also pretty popular in the q communities
yeah make yourself look weak when you're strong exactly yeah yeah sure i get that and i i know
he was expressing a little bit of that stuff sure on the episode and so like he he trump's doing
this stuff because that's what he's got to do to give the appearances to pull off you know sure
sure and so i guess you can rationalize that way but that's only going to work for so long
yeah i mean especially considering the sheer number of times we have seen him pout when he doesn't get
his way it's a whiny little titty baby yeah so we will be back jordan uh but until then we have a
website we do have a website it's knowledgefight.com yeah uh we're also on twitter we are on twitter
it's at knowledge under a fight and at go to bed jordan we're also on facebook we are on facebook
if you could please uh find a local charity or bail fund in your area to help out people
doing god's work right now yeah we'll be back but until then i'm neo i'm leo i'm dzx clerk
i'm darryl rundis i arrested the pope a year ago andy in kansas you're on the air thanks for holding
hello alex i'm a first time caller i'm a huge fan i love your work i love you